Accessibility: add Overview topic (#5042)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Accessibility/00 Overview/05 Right-to-Left Support.md

> Right-to-left support enables seamless adaptation of web content for languages that are written from right to left, such as Arabic or Hebrew. Most of DevExtreme components support this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right-to-left support enables seamless adaptation of web content for languages that are written from right to left, such as Arabic or Hebrew. Most DevExtreme components support this feature.
```

> Refer to the following demos to learn more:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the following demos for more information:
```
